and I'm going to call Javi to see what he says let's wait
a second let's see let's see
a second
judge my arm hurts eh a lot of
water and ginger Olga
What's up man what's up
ok man logically I don't back down from
my opinions man but man always
with respect ok then yes I'll
upload this later in premiere for the
people who haven't seen it well from the
beginning
yes yes let's see if it's what I tell her
if we can talk in a civilized manner
without me having to always agree with you
or take everything
as criticism and such if in the end we got it out we got it
right man I
went from being the youtuber that she dislikes the least I've gone
up a little step and the
next one is you you
already you let's see me I am you are the
next step after mine is you but
above good you know but she doesn't like you anymore Well he
says that he doesn't like any of us he's
already said that he said he said
that the bar is charisma worse than
I was there but I have gone up I have changed
positions with  charisma then But you who are
also bad
Well
what what what I wanted to tell you
my opinion about last night or rather yesterday
with Diego Arrabal it makes me very sad
that there are people justifying it with Diego and I
mean I don't know if it's because because it's him or I do
n't know if it's because the victim in this
case is Marta But it doesn't add up in my
head it doesn't make sense to me and I don't
see the logic in the fact that we have
been criticizing
the attitudes of Sálvame the attitudes
of Jorge Javier we have put we have
put Jorge Javier with forgetfulness and
now we see what happened yesterday and there is a
justification
Marta man man Don't compare what
Jorge said what he did to forget
minuscule about Diego Arrabal yesterday what
Diego Arrabal did yesterday me me the same as just as
when I with Marta well I
answered answered it's wrong that has to be made
ugly me when I
heard Diego Calling her stupid and that she
's crazy from Levante I don't know what Of
course that was ugly but my criticism
is wanting to see if  I've
finally made her understand that she can
answer without putting such
socially damaging labels like bad boy who
bullies sexist monkey misogynist violent
But then
No, to me, yes, that
's what I'm telling you, she
told him it's that he
behaved,
I don't think so, dude,
because I said it at the beginning Maybe
you haven't seen, it seems wrong to me, dude,
because the word bullying, just like
machismo, encompasses a group of
people who are having a really bad time in
their daily lives who don't have a platform or
loudspeakers to defend themselves like Marta may have, at
risk and doesn't have a
pleasant situation in her daily life, so
putting a label on yourself, a
label of people who are having a hard time as
those who suffer
bullying, well, it seems really dirty to me, which is what I
told her
on the same level Yes, dude, she said,
she goes up Look, if she had removed the
Diego Arrabal thing and had used the
bullying thing, telling her story of when she
was little, they bullied her, I
applaud her with my ears because she uses her
200,000 followers for something super cool,
but  interleaving stories of a mother
with her 12 year old son with cuts from
Diego interleaving like this to give the
impression that he wanted to give I don't like it man I do
n't like
the attitude is the following okay Yes,
I do, I can come to believe it
but well that's each one's opinion
exclusive okay Marta the one who lies have you
realized What is
Diego's first response when Marta
lies to you the exclusive
What is the first response
announcing or rather uploading a video
announcing the live at
night the one of the I think I have it here
which is the one where I put Marta's face
without surgery no yes
yes
with respect to Diego so that he puts that
photo and with what intention with that photo
man, well, I hadn't called him a monkey
before you say no the stories from before well let's
see man, in your garlic this works that it is
to launch acid criticisms and it
is like that I mean I understand I don't want to
justify I don't want to justify because
logically this type of things is not right
just as I say arrabal your charisma
like when I did it you told me
because it is the reality it is not right to do
that type of things  I mean, say the fool,
say it so
because of the fact of miniature that we
agree because of the physique, not to tease her,
humiliate her,
humiliate us, I don't know if that's the word, but
I do. I consider that to tease her, for a
turkey, to touch the ovaries that I have
already told her, to touch your ovaries,
if Juanjo did it, you would have
said the same thing.
Well, to humiliate, I don't know, but to touch,
to look for an angry, acid reaction
because in that photo, even she
herself knows and she is also on the call, she
told me that before, well, I didn't have
the face that she liked, it's a
reality, so you show her that photo
that you know was not what she liked,
well, you're going to create a reaction of having
touched the ovaries, of course,
man, I don't know how it is, it's not that it's the
same as what about, it's not that I
get into the [ __ ] career thing and it
can be interpreted like that, she does it because I'm a
woman, no, let's see if she does it because you are a
woman, but no, but not in the
misogynistic sense of the word, but because she says, I
am.
No, you don't, but what it implies is hatred for
women, of course.
Diego Diego wants to get a reaction, he
's stung, like anyone can happen to us, just
like the other time it happened
to me, and you want to get a reaction, you want to attack,
and he says, well, this bothers her,
humiliating her with his physical appearance, humiliating him,
humiliating him with his physical appearance,
man. Because I'm posting a picture of her before the
surgery because she was ugly, because she
wanted me to, that she was ugly. I don't think she was
doing it to really humiliate her, eh, if I didn't, I'd
tell you, she's
not messing with him, she
's denying an exclusive that she
's the protagonist in the first person and
she knows if it's true, it's a lie,
his response Instead of taking it and saying,
well, look, this is the information that
I have, with respect and with education, not
like, save me, okay, what he does is
upload a video with a cover
photo from 20 years ago, with what intention,
with the intention of humiliating her, her
nose, I think that, I think, I think what
attitude, I understand your point and I can and I
respect your opinion, but I think that from
my point of view it wasn't to humiliate her,
look how ugly you are, but that he got
stung and said, how can I touch her
balls, how can I bother her, and
just like me  I have a feeling
now that my chest is burning.
How can I make her chest burn?
Well, I put this photo on her and she
gets upset
because she denied it and we called the
professional, so it
bothered her. Of course, yes,
putting the photo of her when she hadn't had her
nose done reminds me of the
same way of
chasing Pantoja
with the cell phone, she responded with
my car's license plate. No, that's it, I logically, I
remember because I have read you before, I have
read what you said because nobody
told it and I did say in a live broadcast that
that is ugly, no. That's how it is in reference to
what she said about my stalker, to what I
find That is ugly but that's it, but
nobody can say it's the same, it's the same
as Diego Arrabal, man, it's the same as Diego
Arrabal when I said I left it ugly, I
don't know what, well, he said, well, that's not
right. It's that, that's what you have to be, I don't
know, it's that you don't have to be, how to tell you,
Juligan, one of those things, it's fine.
Show a colleague's license plate. Not in
reference to the comment
you are commenting on. The  Moved
you have a brand image and you already
know how Marta acts Because you have the
indication of what happened with you, not that at
the slightest he introduced misogyny, he introduced
machismo and then I was saying
the chat Well, I have some
indications with Diego Arrabal, I mean, Diego
Arrabal is a person who simply
started saying about the harasser that I
have that by the way they are looking for
arrests And he will surely go to
jail, not that it was a man,
my personal data has to be all over the
internet pages but that he made
child pornography and his sexual montage
and with my rings he said that we will have to see
because I had a crazy person behind me who
maybe I had done something that would have to be
seen, we would have to hear the
other's version, I mean then me too
Sorry to say it but there but it's that
I am also me that I have put it
down and I have said that it is not right
but it's that I but I the issue the issue that
the issue that I am telling you is that I
try to distinguish things you know I don't find it
disgusting that he said that about the
logo that is stalking you because he has put
your wife to your children  and such it seems
disgusting to me but in this in this sense
in this sense I think
Diego is right but nobody made a video
about what Diego did I mentioned it
live man he's going to look for it for you I
don't know if you mentioned it in a live in
passing don't make me look for it man
logically man well every time you
would have liked everyone to have made
a video but you
know how this goes
Diego arrabal the one who tells me that would have
made a video everyone well surely
Javi if it's that you just like you know
just like I know and you know I'm not going
to tell you everyone but a lot of people
who listen to us How the thing works I mean
we're not discovering America no
because of that I don't know Well it
must be because of the issue of visits or
because of the issue whatever it is I have no idea
Javier but to me nobody I don't think
that nobody nor you can blame me or
anybody for not saying what I think and
in your case I said it man and I'm going to look for
the live and I'm going to send it to you
privately But then what is it that what do
you think is right on his part
about yesterday's attitude because  of course the
question seems fine to me no But if I
said it from the beginning Javi, it doesn't
seem right to me Just as it wasn't right
when I insulted Marta and Marta
insulted me, it's not right that you tell
the girl that she's crazy, that she's
stupid, it's not right
Nobody can justify that just like nobody
could justify anything
I said in my opinion, no,
my criticism from the beginning, man, is the
issue of words look at the first, the
first five minutes of the live show
it's that you've gone too far with Diego Because
look, you told him like he does, you told him like he's
behaving like a
bully, it's like you're not defending me I
said that it seems right to me, I didn't say that
well yes, it doesn't seem right to me that you put a
label on him But what I've been
saying is that it seems dirty to me that you
mix the story of a mother who is
telling you how bad
her 12-year-old son Ángel is having it with
biased cuts of Diego's phrase that
's what I said
Where is the
man, you cut a phrase without
putting it in full where it says  how many
friends do you have and you put it with a
story about a mother who is
telling you what has been done to her
son where that phrase is included but it
is not complete in your clip Poor thing, well
a pretty dirty manipulation man I
think so but yeah
but before before there is one thing and
then another
like Marta has fought
well it is implying that maybe
that no yes that no that she doesn't have to let's
see that if a lot of people are angry
with you because man Maybe you have
something to do with it because also people are not
connected between them but you know
that
you are a populum family like a house
But it could also be a truth Clear
of why there is no connection between the
groups of friends who have gotten angry with
them say Pepito doesn't know so-and-so
but they have gotten angry with Marta for the
same reason
but let's see that it doesn't work like that I mean I
have fought with a lot Javi I'm going to
ask you a favor man Send him Send my
greetings to Isla Triana
a huge kiss gorgeous because it's that
I don't like it Speaking clearly the one I
like is Oliveida
Oliveira  he's my father
and Triana
is not Adriana no and Adriana no
Diego's right yesterday is
justifying
that she doesn't have a place on my channel but
when a topic comes up
and right now I'm not talking to
Marta or Diego I love you what I saw
yesterday is that it makes me take it because what Marta
does is deny an exclusive
that the information the protagonist is
she he responds by putting a photo of
her with the intention of making fun of her
physique you can color it with whatever
you want I'm not going to believe it okay And
then in the live at night the
comb and the insinuation of you have two
careers
Hi yes but it's that we're going to go back to the
same thing man I'm going to come back I'm going to
answer you again I know what you're telling me and
you're right it wasn't right So
let's go back to the wheel of saying is that I'm
not going to justify something that
logically is not right insulting a
person and saying what he insinuated of course it's
not right but the thing is that I'm
sure that even he knows that it's not
right well I don't
think the thing and he never asks  sorry eh
But that's not everyone maybe
is a person who asks and
another who doesn't dude it's like in
your neighborhood in mine but what I
want to tell you is that But that doesn't justify
Marta's actions or rather just
because you receive some insults they
are wrong But what have I told
her I say You think you're
intelligent enough to
answer Diego or whoever
you want without putting words in and
without putting in this type of manipulation of
5 second cuts like you did to me
that day or such That's my criticism is
that in the end my criticism is not to
defend defend Diego's words
to what he said to everything
Diego said last night silly about the races about
the physique you don't see
Marta's response as proportionate to see making the
monkey sound and such I can take it as well
come on an acidic criticism is what I
told you that I'm going to repeat the
same thing to you I can see it as an
acidic criticism come on about the machismo I'm going to
buy it that you see it that way although I don't
see it that way but you  I'm coming I can
buy it from you but man you get to the point of
including the mother with her
12 year old son Angel and there no man I'm not going to
provide that.
Yes man That's the thing about the child, he
sees it much worse than everything
Diego tells him, for me yes man Because there are people
who are having a really bad time man and Marta
and Marta is not suffering bullying man and
you and you can't put a label that
strong, my point of view, watch out that maybe
you have another one you know
Much infinitely strong the labels
that she was putting on him yesterday, for me
they are much stronger than any of the ones she
put on him and the thing about his
career I have to see it well because he
plays here it is being taken for granted that he
is calling her a [ __ ]
I have told her she
asked me the same as you I say man
I have interpreted it without seeing the whole thing and
well, otherwise the cut I interpreted it
as well he told him there is no need for you to
answer girl I already know how things are
But I have seen it as him
telling you that you have a career in the
sense of going from famous to famous
Benzema sofa singer  Antonio David
why do you
think that Antonio David wouldn't have the same career? He's
also told me that
and I've asked him man Antonio David has
also been told in many places that he
's a flirt and that he acts like a woman I
have no idea God it's impossible to see
everything no I don't know just to tell you something
random you know
infinitely I was
getting black watching the chat
before because man it can't be or I mean no I don't
see it logical we are
supposed to have been against
Jorge Javier's TV factory
with certain attitudes and now that
the victim is Marta now we give him
space and we applaud her I mean in his
day what he wanted to me was an outrage And
no I don't know how it didn't happen if you
commented on it live well I believe you
obviously not but I've seen
other colleagues collaborating with him
giving him a massage and it's like I don't
see it logical because they
do the same to any of you and no for
example I understand your point I think man you're
already getting to know me a little man in
private and everything and you know I understand
man always saying what I think and
making a movement  that I think is fair
If I don't do them man and I say it
to Marta in a plan with the problem
Look, I'm not going to deny that
my perspective on her issues is not the same
since I've been addressing all this you know
clearly and since and since I've told
her that I didn't tell you
but in public she said that my mother
suddenly writes to me Hey, your
face is in 20 newspapers saying this
man Of course today today has been a
pleasant conversation logically I'm going to
criticize what I have to criticize about
her because it's not like that and I've told her very clearly but man she seemed to me like a girl more or less that you can talk to her within that by balls she has to be right
and it's me I ...  that's the one
pointed out and the line has been crossed, I mean,
for example, the insinuations,
I don't know what needs to be
done to Marta, I mean, honestly,
my opinion, man, because there are
words, there are words that encompass the
suffering of so many people, man, like, for
example, misogyny, machismo, that which
I think shouldn't be used so
lightly,
you think that, for example, today in the
chat, what I was seeing in this one and
in another, no, well,
the housewives, I mean, I'm not, of
course, I was going to see everything, but
Marta called me, now with you I can't watch it anymore, it
already predisposes people to the fact that we have to
defend the opposite because since it's
Marta, well, I have to position myself on the
opposite side, if one day Marta fights
with who am I telling you, I don't know who to
tell you with Jorge Javier, people would
take her side, as far
as I know, we have criticized
Jorge Javier's click a thousand times, telling
dirty concrete to get off the plate, I don't know what,
and now you're telling me that what happened
last night we did applaud and on the
contrary, let's
see  people logically that you know
how everything works that will
position themselves on the side of those who don't
dislike it, that's clear, but
luckily I think I want to think that it's not
the majority You know, I want to think about it, man, I don't
know, it's that I haven't seen the I mean, I've seen the
Diego thing but I haven't seen the
chat in fact there's a subscriber who
tells me on the chat that you don't dare to
put the chat and I say no, it's not that it's not appealing to me, I don't dare I'll
put the chat for you
but it's that I hadn't thought about it
because I'm not going to
read the chat and the housewives thing, of
course, I wanted to get to that point
because I haven't seen it and in fact she
told me she said yes she I
told her because girl it's not normal I tell her it's
not normal that you say that
Diego's chat is about submissive housewives that I don't know
what Hey, well, well, I have to
say it because I don't know exactly how she
said it, then I'm going to look for it because
maybe
today now in the call now she
said Yes because
in a way it's like when it
's like when I tell her
that she comes to enjoy me
always
or  when for example I said man
maybe someone has appeared in the
change insulting me lady that
you are old enough to mess with me
with older women Well the same
plan the same is fun Well what
she has done to me with the women issue
but well Hey listen to me you are
absolutely right at the moment that introducing
misogyny and machismo
the response that she gives Diego
arrabal for me eh For me it is not only
that it is not disproportionate it is that the other is still
worse The
other one is still much more
disproportionate but well that is my
opinion already me well that is the opinion
listen to me then you have televisions to seo
with Marino or what
Okay then nothing
subscribe
if you feel like it to Javi's channel and then there is
Samsung television
a kiss a hug man
Well in the end we did not have
time to see everything but I think that the
live was good no That's it, that's it, the
live was good what do you think